Here's another improvement I want to share with you. Have a look at this line here where we check whether
we are trying to access the help route and if we failed to do so because we're in the catch handler
here, I return the offline.html file. It's working but the issue is, as we start adding more
and more pages, I have to keep on writing or adding conditions to the if statement,
I have to check if it's either help or maybe dynamic.
Now that leads nowhere,
that's not how we want to do it
if it should be written in a flexible way. So instead of checking the URL, let's indeed check the request
headers.
There we can call a get method to get a specific header and I'm interested in the accept header. There
I now want to see if the accept header includes, that's a helper method we can use, includes text/html,
which just means the incoming request accepts HTML as an answer
and that's of course the perfect candidate for this fallback page because that is HTML.
So with that, we're now way more flexible,
let's see if it works.
Going back to the application, I'll clear the storage, you could of course also reload and close the tab
and open a new one. Reload this tab to install the service worker and reload again to do all the fetching
we want to do here and now with that, let's see. If we refresh the cache, in the dynamic cache,
we get a couple of entries but we haven't gotten the help page. So let me now go offline and reload, this
works,
let me switch to help now and we still see the offline.html page even though we're now loading it differently,
so our new way of loading it clearly also works and this is another improvement which is way more flexible
than looking for specific URLs,
always consider this if you have fallback items.
That's another important thing I want to add here,
here we return an offline.html file,
in other cases, maybe you want to return something for failing image requests.
If you know the request accepts an image, maybe you have a dummy image you can return or for CSS, you have
a dummy CSS file, so you can return more than just fallback pages,
you can return any fallback file and the image example is pretty good,
if the image is missing, maybe an avatar or some dummy image does it for now.
So keep this in mind,
you can return more than just a fallback HTML file,
you can return any file here,
you just have to pre-cache it, simply add it here to the static files and then look for what the header accepts,
if that's an image, return an image.